the green lens of puy is a aop
and the production area spans
almost 88 communes of the high Loire
so enjoys a microclimate
that's what gives it its color the
green then shine here I am not
so much as to what but how
refers to the lens on cisco lens
puy green with mortal sausage
green lentils from puy recipes
rather traditional is to take
a white onion cut it finely into
washers and fry it in the
bottom of the pan with a little bit
of olive oil until they are
gold
then onto the carrots are
peel them cut to the world she not
too fine and we just have them for them
melt lightly with onions
but tapping the onion taste we add
l antique blew no more than one
minute
we cover everything to back and to aromatize
the whole thing we add leaves of
laurel once covered and left to cook
up to 25 minutes and then tries
that you draw the lenses to prepare
a saucepan next to cook your
mortise sausage you will serve the
mortise sausage cut into slices
with lenses in a city
besieged but that's good appetite
we